Support RE2 regexps in Hosting config.json (#2391)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

> - Support the Firebase Hosting API's RE2-based header/rewrite feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds support for regular expression-based custom headers and rewrites for Firebase Hosting.
```

@rachelsaunders
